1) pip install robotframework
2) pip install -U requestsssssssss
3) pip install -U robotframework-requests
4) pip install jsonpath_rw
5) pip install jsonpath_rw_ext
6) pip install robotframework-jsonlibrary
7) Web services are services which are available over web or network
8) These provide a way to communicate between 2 machines/applications
9) Difference between Web Application and Web Service?
10) In web app, app is deployed on the server and end user is accessing it by hitting its URL. This means it is a communication between app and end user.
11) In web service, we don not make direct communication between app and end user.
12) Web services do not have UI and we can communicate through these through programming only.
13) Makemytrip and trivago examples for web service
14) Advantages of web service over web app:
	a. Platform and language independent
	b. Easy and fast integration
	c. Allow access to multiple application
15) Difference between API and Webservice?
	a. Webservice always needs network for its operations but API may or may not need
	b. APIs can be in form of libraries that are placed over your machine itself
	c. Webservice can be used through SOAP, REST, XML RPC but API can also be used through like CURL calls
	d. API can also be exposed in number of ways like JAR files (Apache POI), JSON over HTTP, etc.
	e. All web services can be APIs but all APIs are not web services
16) Difference between SOAP and REST?
	a. SOAP is a protocol but REST is an architechtural style
	b. Simple Object Access Protocol, Representational State Transfer
	c. Soap defines its own security but Rest inherits security measures from the underlying transport
	d. Soap is heavyweight but Rest is lightweight
	e. Soap -> Only XML, Rest -> JSON, Plain Text. XML, PDF, etc.
17) Rest Methods:
	a. GET -> Fetch data from server
	b. POST -> Post data on server
	c. PUT -> Update data on server
	d. DELETE -> Delete data from server
	e. PATCH -> Same as PUT, but no need to send data which you do not want to update
		1. HEAD -> Similar to GET but we will only header value in the response. Suppose we only want to validate the response code and not the body.
		2. OPTIONS -> For knowing what kind of methods can be used on a particular API
		3. TRACE -> When we want to know the format of request sent to the server. Used for debugging purpose.
